sh tools/substitutions.sh (#1040)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/administration-guide/assembly_collecting-logs-using-chectl.adoc

= Collecting logs using chectl

> It is possible to get all {prod} logs from k8s cluster using `chectl` tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to get all {prod} logs from a Kubernetes cluster using the `chectl` tool.
```

- `chectl server:start` automatically starts collecting {prod} servers logs during installation of {prod}

> - `chectl server:logs` collects existed {prod} servers logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `chectl server:logs` collects existing {prod} server logs
```
